[Music]
welcome to another episode of seven men
in marketing with Pam my name is Pam
dinner I love sharing a little dose of
b2b digital content marketing and sales
enablement seven minutes at a time
recently I attended mass comm a search
conference hosted by Mars Mars provides
search marketing tools that makes SEO
inbound marketing link building and a
content marketing easy this company is
pretty well known in a search community
one of the speaker's was Amy Hayden who
specializes in pay search at pay search
magic so why do you think when the term
pay search comes to your mind when I
think of pay search I think of the
following optimizing a long list of the
keywords and the phrases that I need to
bid on or bridges numbers of impression
I need to accomplish lowering CPC which
is cost per clicks and trying to rank
number wines on Google what I like about
Amy's presentation is that she was
looking at pay search in a very holistic
way she talked about the purpose of the
pay search it's not about ranking number
one hitting a goal of inbound traffic or
impressions at the end of the day pay
search is about putting your best offer
in front of your target customers when
they are most ready to take action so
the key here is your offer rule number
one if you want to do pay search you
need to have a compelling offer once you
have that you need to present your offer
in an easy-to-follow landing page to
allow your visitors to take action
quickly why she was looking at was the
conversion rate from a search to landing
page not CPC nor pay ranking these are
still important but she made an effort
to track conversions she tried to type a
searches contribution to an offer on the
landing page in a way she tries to
relate pay search to revenue the only
way to track pay search come
is for the clients to have a process in
order to have a tracking process the
client need to break down the silos and
award with all the team members within
the company for instance the client
needs to work with the webmasters
copywriter and the product owners among
others to optimize as needed and track
the engagement from the pay search to
the landing page she said that the pay
search is no longer about ranking and
the CPC it's about helping clients to
break down the silos pay search works
wonder if client create a better online
experience by crafting compelling offers
optimizing copywriting and improving
landing page experience based on her
case study she shared at a conference
CPC actually went up for her client but
a total revenue contribution from paid
search increased significantly her
approach to pay search is less about
paid keywords the more about the overall
experience from the minute the prospect
clicks on an ad until they arrive at a
landing page she was looking customer
experience as a whole and I love that it
makes me think about content marketing
content yourself really doesn't mean
very much content has its value only
when it's part of a marketing outreach
that's you use email and a content
marketing as an example email marketers
can just worry about the look and feel
of an email or add a bunch of a content
to the email they need to think about
what happens after people receive that
email does landing page provide
experience consistent with the email if
the goal is to get the prospect to
request a demo for example do we make it
easier for audience to request a demo
after the landing page clicks therefore
email shouldn't be all about click
through and open rates these are
important but it should be more about
emails revenue contribution from the
request a demo it's easy for all of us
to measure what we do that is so much
harder to come
rehan the overall marketing outreach
holistically and major all contributions
to a sales and revenue it requires us to
break down the silos instead of a
tracking process and evaluating each
touch point carefully if you want to
talk about how to major content
marketing contribution to conversions
reach out and let's have a chat
I'm one I'm happy to help again send me
your marketing questions or thoughts via
our Twitter app ham dinner be well until
next time
[Music]